issues are. Okay. There's
a small codebase,
so it could easily
do that. But when
you're operating in real
codebases in production
environments, you're going to
have tons of files
and you want to
narrow down the scope
of where your agent
has to look. And
one great way to
do that one high
leverage point of agent
decoding is standard out.
All right. So we
have things working again.
Instead of running this
by hand, I'm just
going to hit up
a couple of times
and kick this off
again. If there are
any additional issues, I
want my agent to
be the one managing
them. All right, so
we're gonna fire that
off again. Refresh the
server, upload data, and